You are not a poem to you,
If you don’t write a poem for you, you can’t believe it,
You don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t believe it,
You don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, You can't believe it,
You don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, you don't believe it, You don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, You don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t believe it, you don’t
Do you want me to save you?
when
Thank you for saving me despite you
guilty of intentional injury
intentional homicide
Several crimes occur
It's unintentional, right? You're fine?
Ann's Willing Consciousness Field
How did I survive the night before?
It's okay. I'm living with you. It's hard for me to live.
Which side will live like this?
Thank you for your
Why live
Don’t just live it up
Don't just live
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little